StringDataStructure
1.

1. How to print the first non-repeated character from a string?->findFirstNonRepeatingChar
2. How to find the first non repeated character of a given String?
3. How do you find duplicate numbers in an array if it contains multiple duplicates?
4. How do you remove duplicates from an array in place?
5. How do you find the middle element of a singly linked list in one pass?
6. How do you check if a given linked list contains a cycle? How will you find initial node of the cycle?
7. How do you reverse a singly linked list without recursion?
8. How is a binary search tree implemented?
9. How do you traverse a given binary tree in preorder without recursion?
10. How do you print all nodes of a given binary tree using inorder traversal without recursion?
11. How is a merge sort algorithm implemented?
12. How is a radix sort algorithm implemented?
13. How do you swap two numbers without using the third variable?
14. How do you design a vending machine?
15. Write a program to find prime factors of an integer?
16. What is Depth First Search Algorithm for a binary tree?
17. Difference between a stable and unstable sorting algorithm?
18. What is the difference between Comparison and Non-Comparison Sorting Algorithms?
How do you determine if a string is a palindrome?
Find the number of occurrences of a character in a String?
How to find out if the given two strings are anagrams or not?
How do you calculate the number of vowels and consonants in a String?
How do you get the matching elements in an integer array?
How would you implement the bubble sort algorithm?
How would you implement the insertion sort algorithm?
How would you swap two numbers without using a third variable?
Print a Fibonacci series using recursion?
How do you find the factorial of an integer?
How do you check if the given number is prime?
How do you remove all occurrences of a given character from the input string?
How would you find the second largest number in an array?
How would you implement Binary Search?
How do you reverse a Linked List?
